hello and welcome to cooking with chaga
today we will make vegetable Shahi
biryani and this is a very rich food and
a taste really good so for this we will
need some basmati rice this is about 2
cups of basmati rice we have soaked it
for 30 minutes and then we are cooked it
and we have by cooking we have also
added the beef or cinnamon stick
cardamom and black pepper and cloves and
now we are just after your rice is
cooked all you need to do is just remove
all these cardamom and black pepper and
all these sticks and these whole things
just gives so very nice flavor to your
rice then we need these fried vegetables
we have fried all of them and these are
1/2 cup of capsicum 1/2 cup of carrot
1/2 cup of potato half the pause green
peas 1/2 cup of poly flour half cup of
cashew then about 1/2 cup of onion which
we have just sorted then for the gravy
we will need 1 chopped tomato 1 chopped
onion some garlic some cardamom cloves
garlic pepper some coriander seeds then
soaked red chilli and cashews ghee
ginger chili paste and some soft wrongly
saffron threads which are soaked in milk
1/4 TSP of turmeric powder 1/4 TSP of
red chilli powder 1/2 tsp of garam
masala and salt to taste
lastly some coriander leaves for
garnishing for the gravy we are gonna
just mix Osseo
videos artists or tomatoes onion our
spices and the cashews as red chilli so
you can see our gravy has pom is in a
nice paste
so gravy is ready okay so now to cook
the rice we have took a pan and give on
a heated and then you're going to add
some ghee and now we will add ginger
chili paste and then we will add a baby
and then just lightly cook the gravy so
now we will add these spices that is our
turmeric powder red chilli powder salt
to taste and then just mix it well okay
so now we will add our fried vegetables
not just a bit potatoes peas and we are
not going to add cashews and onions
right now we will add them later on
capsicum and cauliflower and then again
mix it well okay so our gravy part is
ready and you're not going to cook it a
lot okay just mix it and switch off the
flame so you are taking our rice and
then we are going to add this or start
on and milk mixture and you're just
going to mix it so that our rice gets a
nice that saffron color and that nice
flavor of saffron okay so now we are
going to take a deep pan and in it we
are going to add ghee then we will take
our gravy and vegetable mixture and
you're going to spread it like that
okay so now so we have spreaded the
onions and the vegetables and now we are
going to put the rice and then just
spread it and now again you are going to
put one more layer of the gravy and
vegetable and you will just spread it
again and then we are going to put a
layer of cashews and onions okay so now
again you are putting one more layer of
rice and now one more layer of the
remaining vegetables and gravy mixture
then again spread it again the same
thing cashews and onions so lastly the
remaining rice and then top it with some
remaining cashews and onions and lastly
some coriander leaves
last week we are talking it up with some
key and then we are just gonna cover it
for 10 minutes and you are going to
pressurize it for like 10 minutes and
this is called dumb then on in Hindi and
you are just going to pressurize it and
what is it is going to do it it is going
to give a very nice flavor to the rice
and everything is going to flavor rise
and it's gonna just come out really
great so keep it on the medium flame for
about 10 minutes so now we will add the
garam masala in between we do not need
to mix it just put it and then cover it
with a lid for about 10 minutes okay so
it's been 10 minutes and it looks like
this all the flavours are combined
together and now we are going to do is
just mix it just mix everything okay so
our biryani is ready and it looks so
good it smells so good and it tastes so
yummy all the flavors are just infused
in the rice all everything is just
smelling really really good because of
those flavours those herbs and spices
and gravy and everything and it really
tastes really really good
do give it a try it's worth trying and
make sure to subscribe and if you like
this video give a thumbs up thank you so
much for watching bye bye